CASMCMS-7975: Add more information on CFS inventory and limit (#1368)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/boot_orchestration/Limit_the_Scope_of_a_BOS_Session.md

|Excluding groups|group1,!group2|Nodes in group1 but not in group2|
|Intersection of groups|group1,&group2|Nodes in both group1 and group2|

> The `--limit` parameter for BOS works similarly to the `--ansible-limit` parameter for CFS, as well as the `--limit` parameter for Ansible. Some limitations do apply for those familiar with the Ansible syntax. BOS accepts only a comma-separated list, not colons, and does not support regex in the patterns.  For more information on what it means to provide a limit, see [Specifying Hosts and Groups](../configuration_management/Specifying_Hosts_and_Groups.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--limit` parameter for BOS works similarly to the `--ansible-limit` parameter for CFS, as well as the `--limit` parameter for Ansible. Some limitations do apply for those familiar with the Ansible syntax. BOS accepts only a comma-separated list, not colons, and does not support regular expressions in the patterns. For more information on what it means to provide a limit, see [Specifying Hosts and Groups](../configuration_management/Specifying_Hosts_and_Groups.md).
```
